Update general info (#256)
owncloud/docs-ocis: modules/ROOT/pages/deployment/general/general-info.adoc

{description}

> IMPORTANT: We highly recommend to read this document first before you start setting up your system. Many obstacles can be avoided when knowing the basic concepts. Though it is tempting just to give things a try - which is totally ok, you will quickly identify that you may have to cycle with a restart from scratch before the setup meets your requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: We highly recommend to read this document first before you start setting up your system. Many obstacles can be avoided when knowing the basic concepts. Though it is tempting to just give things a try - which is totally ok, you will quickly realize that you may have to start again from scratch before the setup meets your requirements.
```

When using global options on startup, you can always use command line options or environment variables. Run `ocis help` and see xref:starting-infinite-scale-with-environment-variables[] for details.

== Embedded Supervisor (Runtime)

Infinite Scale has an xref:architecture/architecture.adoc#infinite-scale-microservice-runtime[embedded supervisor] for managing the runtime and reducing the memory footprint. In addition, this supervisor takes care that a service will be restarted automatically if it fails. When using an external supervisor like systemd, Kubernetes or others, the embedded supervisor is not needed, the services are managed by the external supervisor.

== Deciding the Startup Mode

The following two mode types do not predefine a particular installation method like the manual or container setup. When using Kubernetes, the embedded supervisor is not necessary, the supervisor of the underlying system is used.

Starting Infinite Scale using the embedded supervisor::
This mode can be used when scaling is not the primary focus and can be the case if you have a:
* testing and/or development environment, or

> * small productive environment (xref:availability_scaling/availability_scaling.adoc#single-server-setup[Single Server Setup])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* small productive environment (xref:availability_scaling/availability_scaling.adoc#single-server-setup[Single Server Setup]).
```

ocis list
----

== Default Paths

=== Configuration Directory

The default locations for _config_ files are:

* For container images (inside the container) +
`/etc/ocis/`
+
* For binary releases +
`$HOME/.ocis/config/`
+
NOTE: You can deviate from the default location and define a custom configuration file location on startup using the environment variable `OCIS_CONFIG_DIR`.
+

> NOTE: When using a system user for the runtime which has no login and therefore no home directory like when used xref:deployment/binary/binary-setup.adoc#setting-up-systemd-for-infinite-scale[Setting up systemd for Infinite Scale], you *must* specify a configuration file location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: When using a system user for the runtime, which has no login and therefore no home directory, like in the senario xref:deployment/binary/binary-setup.adoc#setting-up-systemd-for-infinite-scale[Setting up systemd for Infinite Scale], you *must* specify a configuration file location.
```

=== Base Data Directory

> The base directory is important, because other services use this directory as base path if service dependent variables are not explicitly defined. Define them independently can be required when using a xref:deployment/container/orchestration/orchestration.adoc[Container Orchestration] setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The base directory is important, because other services use this directory as base path if service dependent variables are not explicitly defined. Defining them independently can be required when using a xref:deployment/container/orchestration/orchestration.adoc[Container Orchestration] setup.
```

> For the time being, following services have settings where the base directory is used if not manually defined in the service:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the time being, the following services have settings where the base directory is used if not manually defined in the service:
```

* xref:deployment/services/nats.adoc[NATS_NATS_STORE_DIR]
* xref:deployment/services/search.adoc[SEARCH_DATA_PATH]
* xref:deployment/services/settings.adoc[SETTINGS_DATA_PATH]
* xref:deployment/services/store.adoc[STORE_DATA_PATH]
* xref:deployment/services/storage-users.adoc[STORAGE_USERS_OCIS_ROOT]
* xref:deployment/services/storage-users.adoc[STORAGE_USERS_S3NG_ROOT]
* xref:deployment/services/storage-users.adoc[STORAGE_USERS_OWNCLOUDSQL_DATADIR]
* xref:deployment/services/thumbnails.adoc[THUMBNAILS_FILESYSTEMSTORAGE_ROOT]

The default locations for the _base_ directory are:

* For container images (inside the container) +
`/var/lib/ocis`
+
* For binary releases +
`$HOME/.ocis/`
+
NOTE: You can deviate from the default location and define a custom configuration file location on startup using 
the environment variable `OCIS_BASE_DATA_PATH`. When setting the base directory manually, it will be used automatically for the services described above - if they are not otherwise manually defined. 
+

> NOTE: When using a system user for the runtime which has no login and therefore no home directory like when used xref:deployment/binary/binary-setup.adoc#setting-up-systemd-for-infinite-scale[Setting up systemd for Infinite Scale], you *must* specify a base directory location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: When using a system user for the runtime, which has no login and therefore no home directory, like in the scenario xref:deployment/binary/binary-setup.adoc#setting-up-systemd-for-infinite-scale[Setting up systemd for Infinite Scale], you *must* specify a base directory location.
```

To reinitialize Infinite Scale, you have to delete your config and your data and start from scratch.

== Define the Infinite Scale Data Path

Because Infinite Scale does not use a database for storing information like users, groups, spaces, internal data, etc., it saves all this data to a permanent file location. This location is also used for storing user-generated data and must be a supported filesystem as described in xref:prerequisites/prerequisites.adoc#filesystems-and-shared-storage[Filesystems and Shared Storage].

The environment variable used to define this path is `OCIS_BASE_DATA_PATH`.

The following rules apply:

* If you do NOT define this environment variable, the following applies:
** The base path is by default `$HOME/.ocis/` after performing a _manual setup_.
** The base path is by default `/var/lib/ocis` inside the container when using the _container setup_.
* The directory must exist and the user used for Infinite Scale must have full access and permissions.

NOTE: You must set this environment variable to a valid path when using the manual installation having a system user for Infinite Scale, because a system user has no logon and therefore no home directory!

> WARNING: The location must exclusively be used by Infinite Scale. Writing into this location not using Infinite Scale is strictly discouraged to avoid any unexpected behaviour. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: The location must be used by Infinite Scale exclusively. Writing into this location not using Infinite Scale is discouraged to avoid any unexpected behavior. 
```
